we have here and it's so that the bun
has spoken
[Music] have you
seen I was going to comment on the subject I was
going to comment on the subject of María
Patiño I don't know if you've seen her
twitter account lately it's worth a
spectacle a few hours okay to live without
censorship without sensors okay I don't know if you
're seeing the tweet you can see something very
small no well it's that now I've
come with the glasses when I see when I
come with the glasses I need a magnifying glass
for the screen no but well this was
referring to the other day no that
Jorge Javier was pulling a little
pull on Tony Moreno because apparently
Olga had put some
clauses to the interview that she did that it's
not an interview as such it's not an
interview of the heart it's an interview
but not an interview of those that they
want okay you're not going to
ask her about Rocío Carrasco nor will it
come out and an interview about Antonio
Abi
an interview with Blanca
and above all it was an emotional moment a
beautiful moment you know but look you
pay for the little shame that  He has
such a thick skin he
says he lives without censorship and no sensors and that
's what I said today okay or so that's what
I said today in the
video when he uploaded this news no
point number one it
seems perfectly logical to me that Olga
Moreno puts some limitations on
what can be asked of her what
she's not going for something not for everything what's the
use to you to me right now you
call me Olga Moreno imagine man an
encore one day a billion Mariángeles
kisses from Mariángeles a kiss from
Mariángela and thank you very much queen
here you have the vision over here here you
have the mink over here in case anyone
wants to collaborate with the channel okay
[Music]
man I mean like normal and logical
but it's that it's really funny to me
because Rocío Carrasco when she goes to
Sálvame she has some agreed upon questions and
some censored topics there's no one who
can ask her about her son there's no
one who can ask her about that
request that they said in the media in the
newspaper that was making a
request for a year in jail for not
paying child support or something like that,
those issues are not asked to Díaz
Carrasco when they go Lacke I miss you
but not even where they have to give rope
and Walt Disney to the evil witch who is
rolling kisses kisses they will tell me I know how are you
friends to Emilio well
thanks for the super chat thanks to
your super cha this year if I can I will
also go to Disney at the end of the year little by little
man to see so many friends do you understand me
or not family member be from when Rocío
Carrasco you can ask her whatever you want it
is that they are shameless and some
cheaters Jong
they are shameless and some cheaters but not
Rocío Carrasco everyone but
everyone but if they asked her
remember the one that Helio Paloma
Garcia Pelayo who by the way Pepe
Navarra wins the trial I don't know if you have seen
the video that he uploaded to his Rakitic and you weren't
even going thanks for becoming a member it would be
missing more not to well 8 months okay
sorry in my little mouth in  my little mouth
any any any
not the one they messed with pepe
navarro because paloma garcia pelayo
of sack a taboo subject
are are is that they have no shame but
how do the people who follow her think they
are stupid because she has people who
applaud her in that be because I for
example I am a follower of a famous
okay or two youtube and I see this tweet
criticizing censorship and it's like
criticizing censorship referring to
censorship with what organs do you want to answer
in certain places at a certain time
a series of questions no that is not
censorship that does not come out of your [ __ ] give
explanations of things that are private will you
answer them do you love me
carmen llorente thank you very much
rocio carrasco put a price on all
the intimacy that she has told
last year in a documentary has put
pressure on her or what she says are two or three
million euros no well olga will put it
when the day she wants to talk more than she
talks or that I don't think because I
think that with what she has talked about it is going to
kick but the day that olga wants to talk
she will put the price that she sees
fit that  it comes out of the grapefruit
just like when they crawl for
Antonio Aviva Cantona alive there and tell
their version and answer Rocío and the
lawsuit that they give then fear they will
put the price of that big grapefruit
but the truth is that they are things in
which I knowing that I have where to keep quiet
well I would not get involved and I do not give the
label of chula patiño that yes they already
work in a chair daughter that do not
worry that you are going to the TV factory
Ponce a kiss sweetheart really this
seems pathetic to me she should not be
censored in court where she
has the right to do so to not answer
the questions that are interrogated the
lawyer Antonio yes and apparently he has the
right to do so but a person who is
not afraid of anything and a person who has not
done anything illegal and who has nothing to
hide would not have problems I say
that I may be wrong it is that the
same thing happens with the glasses I do not see
everything well I do not see everything very clearly okay
but what I say one thing family if
you have accused someone of
simulating a crime
yes  you have accused someone of
simulating a crime and you have claimed that
there are witnesses and cameras that have
seen Antonio Davis putting up the posters
and that therefore they have filed a
false complaint. Do
you testify or would I have
no problem? It's like
what Luis Lorenzo did who recorded a really good video today there is no serious ice but I haven't been able to publish it today because YouTube doesn't want to monetize it and I'm not going to upload it without monetizing because I'm a rat who wants money it's in yellow until it's
green it's not public okay that's what I
work for damn Luis Lorenzo when he goes to
the police the civil guard to his house to
ask him about the lady if she is very
well let's see him let us pass to see the
lady who is in good condition
that the brothers are asking for
her no no here without orders of without order
d
or is it called anyone I forget
what a court order is called but
what is that called I
forgot the name blanco but
even if he doesn't have a warrant the
civil guard and he tells me sometimes I get it into me to see
if your grandmother is okay javi  that the
brothers are reporting the
disappearance
well I tell the people please for
your three I want a coffee Lily a
beer not one of these services but
come in look here is the lady look
looking at her daily things and
lets her pass to the order of search
by Maria Patiño it's that I don't know the
comparison a little bit towards a little crazy
the comparison those that I'm comparing
but I mean that Maria Patiño each
one has their strategies their ways of
acting and even if it has nothing to do
comparison of course because
we are talking about a case of slander
and the others a very serious case but what I
mean Maria Patiño if you have
nothing to hide
why not why not be clear in the
interrogation of the lawyer Antonia I saw
that goes down and all the life all the
trials with the same with the same story
that you are journalists and as journalists
reveal to us your sources
what nerve listen to me
now I find out I
say that with your little bones thank you very much
this is easy for us tells us to live without
censorship without sense now the first thing
you are a journalist is supposed to
do you already wrote well Maria Patiño
that you already  I've said many times that it gets to
me all seeing how to write your
name on Twitter seeing it missing living
without censorship without sensors this what the
[ __ ] is where the commas and
periods are or Persian bread not because this one is
you and I can read it in many ways
but living without censorship and without a sensor to
save me de luxe now I find out that
on Telecinco there's no censorship no now I
find out that you can speak freely
on your program about operation
deluxe
now I find out that you can talk about
the lawsuits that Antonio David is winning
now I find out not even Mari Carmen thank you very much darling
thank you very much
now I find out that you can talk
about the owners of the
TV factory being charged
in the morning we have a live show with
Francisco on the main channel okay I'll
do it around nine thirty ten okay
because we're going to analyze everything in
depth all the tutor maneuvering that
these people have whether it's the FARC
that will have well I'm telling you they already have
the thing with Rocío Flores that in the end they have
admitted to process
they have the operation of light they have in the
of  Chayo they
have the one from Mar Flores although it is like that
in it is like that that
I do not give it to him I think that Flores is
not right
Carmen Campo thank you very much although it
seems dirty to me to bring out
private conversations and private audios but for a
criminal case the truth is I do not know what to say or
if that will have a long way
tiki tiki wine when Lucia put thank you very
much thank you very much to all of you who
are renewing the membership now I
find out that there is no censorship that you
can speak freely about whatever you
want because no way no way
patiño no way stop being arrogant
you do not have it you are not in a position to boast
okay patiño and now it turns me on look look is
expected still putting up
[ __ ] proud of my colleagues
journalism in vein Laura fa and Lorena yes
especially with spelling mistakes
journalism in vein to see if you learn
a little bit of the language okay once again
socialites advanced that once again
what is the time more
the time that you said about the posters
regrettable but wait that  It has not
been the worst tweet
the project the staging now gives me
failure attracts it the broken people I
said
failure attracts the broken people
because I think that for this
many thanks to him already reigns a huge kiss
failure attracts the broken people he
is blaming Rocío
Carrasco
for the low audiences of Sálvame he
is blaming Rocío
Carrasco
that they had a 9 on Chase in the
special program of Montealto he
is calling his bosses broken
that they have lost the case
against Antonio David Flores for the second time
failure attracts the broken people he
is messing with Rocío Carrasco that they
have filed
all the trials a thousand times [ __ ] I can't remember
right now who can be referring
to who do you think he is
referring to she is little
Javi Amelia Pascual is here suffering
what is wrong with her half Pascual my god
who is Amelia
who is Amelia Amelia Pascual Amelia
Amelia what's wrong with you daughter
but what's wrong with  Melià
but what's wrong with Melià let's see where I
can see Amelia's messages
wait Amelia
now she's sending it to me on the platform to the platform they
sent an audio they're
not sending us anything
no they're not sending us anything like that next week
but you have Amelia baby Camelia wait
come on tell us that
interesting story when that being was with him
Rodriguez Menendez tell your
followers that story let's see if
people finally realize who that
being is come on well
the truth is yes well the
truth is that she chose it wasn't the best
choice to choose the lawyer but
if we start judging by lawyers the
lawyer that she had previously Rocío
Carrasco if I'm not mistaken speaking from
memory I'm going to check because I don't
like to say things that are not true but
look you shouldn't mix things up you have to
blame a client for
whatever is going on wherever her lawyer is involved he
acted as if
Rocío Carrasco's previous lawyer
if not wait for me oh how was he how was the
lawyer
the lawyer of  Lucio Carrasco who was
convicted of fraud
I have the name right now
I have the name right now on the tip
of my tongue I
have the name right now on the tip
of my tongue but I can't remember his
name he appeared in one of the first
videos
what was his name Uncle
Saavedra
Javier Saavedra
the lawyer of the famous
the Supreme Court disqualify the lawyer of the
famous Javier Saavedra for fraud okay
well this lawyer
was Rocío Carrasco's lawyer of course
Javier Saavedra Rocío Carrasco's lawyer
very optimistic after leaving
the courts this are we talking about in
what years well
Elche what are we talking about I do
n't know what case we're talking about nor do I
see the date anywhere but
let's say he is
Rocío Carrasco's lawyer so look they even
say that Rossi and Fidel were
deceived too I mean I'm not saying that you
came to tell me about
Antonia Vida being with Rodríguez
Menéndez because Rocío Carrasco had with
this Javier Saavedra let's
blame Rocío Carrasco for whatever
her lawyer did no well  12 Amelia whose
name is the same as Marco's monkey,
well don't come and tell me what you were
doing with the lawyer he has
now, he has a lawyer
before me, what I consider to be the
best I've met in Spain,
a term of course, along with
several others that I know, for example,
Giovanna Carriles too, so my
memory is failing me, is there
anything else wrong with you, Amelia, it's
been well answered
with this,
another Amelia loves you, Amelia, Amelia, Amelia,
Amelia
wants you to, where she is, something else, Amelia,
another one, stay calm, stay calm,
no,
stay calm, no
shaka shaka, calm down, that's
it, if you want another question, I'll
answer it for you, and Amelia, I know everything that it takes to
really work, if you
had gone to another channel, maybe she doesn't
have a [ __ ] clue how to answer you because she does
n't have a [ __ ] clue, Navi was a
client of Rodriguez Menendez
because there's one that's on the fly,
not to be
done by the guest directors,
today I'm going to be live for a while,
Sydney, now, okay,
but oh well  Amelia I hope I hope
you have a good night honey I just fell
asleep barely
answering the media said
sometimes you are very rude don't you think susana I have
said it many times honey
too little for what
people like Amelia deserve is
too little rude today
20 for the kids of the whole here I
cut myself off with the grandmothers here I cut myself off
here seeing good here I come from good
listen to me Amelia I don't see her anymore Amelia
says continue there I don't see her I
can't
see she
says pathetic it seems to me what
you do criticizing Rocío Carrasco
for speaking out after putting up with
years of insults and slander of being a
little memory we need remember
Rodriguez in front of once again to get
material through pressure I understand don't
go off on a tangent I'm not
referring to how corrupt the
lawyer was I'm referring to what he did with him
when they created those magazines
when they created that magazine what
is what they did Amelia Amelia
wants her well called
Amelia wants her well called it would be very
interesting  and fun
amelia if you want to go up on calls I
invite you
because I see you overwhelmed you
see me overwhelmed amelia
javi that we are not older grandmothers and I
have not said that you are older said that
I am a grandmother
amelia in turn to
those of have not sent us an audio seriously amazing amazing
if you want me to go up I would be
very interested in having a claw that
is here
I would like to know your points of view and
exchange them the truth would be very
interesting since no youtuber
caraquistas wants to go up to debate
at least one face that is like
amelia in a plan that it is seen that it is
clear that it knows the whole
story well well
amelia if she wants to enter through you
the queen warned us
the whole neighborhood for you daughter the whole neighborhood
for you well let's see
javier it is boring well I took a bath
[Music]